Update Babel.md (#10524)
webdriverio/webdriverio: website/docs/Babel.md

Once this is set up WebdriverIO will take care of the rest.

> Alternatively you can configure how @babel/register is run through the environment variables for [@babel/register](https://babeljs.io/docs/babel-register) or using wdio config's [autoCompileOpts section](https://webdriver.io/docs/configuration) .

Reviewer: We have to keep document ids so it works across different page translations. Can you try this one?

```suggestion
Alternatively you can configure how @babel/register is run through the environment variables for [@babel/register](https://babeljs.io/docs/babel-register) or using wdio config's [autoCompileOpts section](configurationfile#autocompileopts).
```
